1. Object oriented programming means everything (in java) is an object. Also, all program code and data are inside the class. Historically, a program has been viewed as a logical 
   procedure that takes input data, processes it, and produces output data.
   Object-oriented means we organize our software as a combination of different types of objects that incorporates both data and behaviour. The main concepts used in OOP are 
   objects, classes, inheritance, polymorphism, abstraction and encapsulation.
   Object means any real world entity. And, once an object is identified, it is generalized as a class of objects which consists of all the data and the logic required for its manipulation.
   The class basically contains the program code.
   Inheritance can be defined as the process where one class acquires the properties (methods/functions) of another. With the use of inheritance the information is made manageable in a hierarchical order.
   The class which inherits the properties of other is known as subclass (derived class, child class) and the class whose properties are inherited is known as superclass (base class, parent class).
   "extends" is the keyword used to inherit the properties of a class.
   Polymorphism(poly=many and morph=form literally many forms) is the ability of an object to take on many forms. 
   The most common use of polymorphism in OOP occurs when a parent class reference is used to refer to a child class object.
   A class will be polymorphic if it has inherited multiple classes or has multiple inheritence.
   Abstraction is a process of hiding the implementation details from the user, only the functionality will be provided to the user. Eg. we save a document but we don't know how it is being saved.
   Encapsulation in Java is a mechanism of wrapping the data (variables) and code acting on the data (methods) together as a single unit. 
   In encapsulation, the variables of a class will be hidden from other classes, and can be accessed only through the methods of their current class. Therefore, it is also known as data hiding.
   
2. Access specifiers are basically keywords that alloow us to access classes, methods,etc. It defines which element can access the other.
   Types: public, private, protected, default
   -->Visible to the package, the default. No modifiers are needed.
   -->Visible to the class only (private).
   -->Visible to the world (public).
   -->Visible to the package and all subclasses (protected).


3. Static is used for memory management. It usually means it can be invoked directly via class. Static methods are those which can be accessed w/o instance.
   The advantage of using static variable is that it saves memory by making our program memory efficient. The static variable can be used to refer to all common propertiess in a given class
   Also, the static variable gets memory only once in class area at the time of class loading.

4. Array is kind of variable which can hold more than one value at a time. They can store a fixed-size sequential collection of elements of the same type.
   All arrays consist of contiguous(in a sequence) memory locations. The lowest address corresponds to the first element and the highest address to the last element.
   An element is accessed by indexing the array name.
   To declare an array: type arrayName [ arraySize ]; 
   i.e float sal[5];